Feature: Multi-tile depots (#9577)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: src/lang/english.txt

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_EDGES_NOT_EMPTY                              :{WHITE}One or more tiles at the northern edge are not empty
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_EDGES_NOT_WATER                              :{WHITE}One or more tiles at one of the edges is not water

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_DISTANT_JOIN_DEPOTS                          :Allow to join depot parts not directly adjacent: {STRING2}
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_DISTANT_JOIN_DEPOTS_HELPTEXT                 :Allow adding parts to a depot without directly touching the existing parts. Needs Ctrl+Click while placing the new parts
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_DEPOT_SPREAD                                 :Maximum depot spread: {STRING2}

> STR_CONFIG_SETTING_DEPOT_SPREAD_HELPTEXT                        :Maximum area the parts of a single depot may be spread out on.

Reviewer: We don't use periods at the end of helptext strings (for whatever reason).

```suggestion
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_DEPOT_SPREAD_HELPTEXT                        :Maximum area the parts of a single depot may be spread out on
```

STR_JOIN_WAYPOINT_CAPTION                                       :{WHITE}Join waypoint
STR_JOIN_WAYPOINT_CREATE_SPLITTED_WAYPOINT                      :{YELLOW}Build a separate waypoint

# Join depot window
STR_JOIN_DEPOT_CAPTION                                          :{WHITE}Join depot

> STR_JOIN_DEPOT_CREATE_SPLITTED_DEPOT                            :{YELLOW}Build a separate depot

Reviewer: Splitted isn't proper grammar 🙂 

```suggestion
STR_JOIN_DEPOT_CREATE_SEPARATE_DEPOT                            :{YELLOW}Build a separate depot
```

Author: Hey! I forgot about this comment.
There are two similar strings that are very similar, so I will keep this, unless you still consider I should change the string name:
STR_JOIN_STATION_CREATE_SPLITTED_STATION
STR_JOIN_WAYPOINT_CREATE_SPLITTED_WAYPOINT

STR_ERROR_TRAINS_CAN_ONLY_BE_ALTERED_INSIDE_A_DEPOT             :{WHITE}Trains can only be altered when stopped inside a depot
STR_ERROR_TRAIN_TOO_LONG                                        :{WHITE}Train too long

> STR_ERROR_INCOMPATIBLE_RAILTYPES_WITH_DEPOT                     :{WHITE}Train chain has railtypes that no depot part can accommodate

Reviewer: Assuming trains can still only be composed of railtypes compatible with each other (rail, electric rail, etc), how about:

```suggestion
STR_ERROR_INCOMPATIBLE_RAILTYPES_WITH_DEPOT                     :{WHITE}Train type is incompatible with this depot
```
